https://github.com/mileszs/ack.vim.git                    ack
https://github.com/sjl/badwolf.git                        badwolf
https://github.com/kien/ctrlp.vim.git                     ctrlp
git@github.com:duikboot/vim-snipmate.git                  db_snipmate
git://github.com/tpope/vim-dispatch.git                   dispatch
https://github.com/vim-scripts/EasyGrep.git               easygrep
https://github.com/terryma/vim-expand-region              expand-region
https://github.com/tpope/vim-fugitive.git                 fugitive
https://github.com/sjl/gundo.vim.git                      gundo
https://github.com/wikitopian/hardmode.git                hardmode
https://github.com/pbrisbin/html-template-syntax.git      html-template-syntax
https://github.com/vim-scripts/IndexedSearch.git          IndexedSearch
https://github.com/ciaranm/inkpot.git                     inkpot
https://github.com/nanotech/jellybeans.vim.git            jellybeans
https://github.com/leshill/vim-json.git                   json
https://github.com/qstrahl/vim-matchmaker                 matchmaker
https://github.com/tomasr/molokai                         molokai
https://github.com/ujihisa/neco-ghc.git                   neco-ghc
https://github.com/Shougo/neocomplcache                   neocomplcache
https://github.com/vim-scripts/The-NERD-tree.git          nerdtree
git://github.com/tpope/vim-pathogen.git                   pathogen
https://github.com/vim-scripts/peaksea.git                peaksea
https://github.com/vim-scripts/pep8.git                   pep8
https://github.com/klen/python-mode.git                   python-mode
https://github.com/mhinz/vim-signify                      signify
https://github.com/epeli/slimux.git                       slimux
https://github.com/msanders/snipmate.vim.git              snipmate
https://github.com/altercation/vim-colors-solarized.git   solarized
https://github.com/tpope/vim-surround.git                 surround
https://github.com/mutewinter/swap-parameters             swap-parameters
https://github.com/scrooloose/syntastic.git               syntastic
https://github.com/godlygeek/tabular                      tabular
https://github.com/majutsushi/tagbar                      tagbar
https://github.com/vim-scripts/tracwiki.git               tracwiki
git://github.com/frerich/unicode-haskell.git              unicode-Haskell
git://github.com/tpope/vim-unimpaired.git                 unimpaired
https://github.com/vim-scripts/vcscommand.vim.git         vcscommand
https://github.com/tpope/vim-commentary.git               vim-commentary
https://github.com/Lokaltog/vim-easymotion.git            vim-easymotion
https://github.com/kevinstreit/VIM-Haskell                vim-haskell
https://github.com/michaeljsmith/vim-indent-object.git    vim-indent
https://github.com/clones/vim-l9.git                      vim-l9
https://github.com/tpope/vim-markdown.git                 vim-markdown
https://github.com/thisivan/vim-matchit.git               vim-matchit
https://github.com/Lokaltog/vim-powerline.git             vim-powerline
https://github.com/tpope/vim-repeat                       vim-repeat
https://github.com/kana/vim-scratch.git                   vim-scratch
https://github.com/vim-scripts/vimwiki                    vimwiki
https://github.com/nelstrom/vim-visual-star-search        visual-star-search
https://github.com/vim-scripts/YankRing.vim.git           yankring
